Document release process (#893)
oneapi-src/unified-runtime: README.md

Documentation is generated from source code using Sphinx -
see [scripts dir](/scripts/README.md) for details.

## Release Process

Unified Runtime releases are aligned with oneAPI releases. Once all changes
planned for a release have been accepted, the release process is defined as:

> 1. Create a new release branch based on maintaking the form `v<major>.<minor>.x`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new release branch based on main taking the form `v<major>.<minor>.x`
```

> 1. Create a new release branch based on maintaking the form `v<major>.<minor>.x`

Reviewer 2: `maintaking`

   where `x` is a placeholder for the patch version. This branch will always
   contain the latest patch version for a given release.

> 2. Create a new tag based on the latest commit on release branch taking the form

Reviewer 2: on `the` release branch
